A class is a named group of properties and functions.
A class is a template for an object, and an object is an instance of a class.
A class creates a new data type that can be used to create objects.

When you declare an object of a class, you are creating an instance of that class.
Thus, a class is a logical construct. An object has physical reality. (That is, an object occupies space in memory).

Objects are characterized by three essential properties: state, identity, and behavior.
The state of an object is a value from its data type. The identity of an object distinguishes one object from another.
It is useful to think of an object’s identity as the place where its value is stored in memory.
The behavior of an object is the effect of data-type operations.

The dot operator links the name of the object with the name of an instance variable.
Although commonly referred to as the dot operator, the formal specification for Java categorizes the . as a separator.

The 'new' keyword dynamically allocates(that is, allocates at run time)memory for an object & returns a reference(memory address) to it.
This reference is, more or less, the address in memory of the object allocated by new. This reference is then stored in the variable.
Thus, in Java, all class objects must be dynamically allocated.
You might be wondering why you do not need to use new for such things as integers or characters. The answer is that Java’s primitive types
are not implemented as objects. Rather, they are implemented as “normal” variables. This is done in the interest of efficiency.

Box mybox; // declare reference to object
     mybox = new Box(); // allocate a Box object
The first line declares mybox as a reference to an object of type Box. At this point, mybox does not yet refer to an
actual object.
The next line allocates an object and assigns a reference to it to mybox (assigning a reference means you're storing the memory address of an
 object — not the actual object itself — into a variable).
After the second line executes, you can use mybox as if it were a Box object. But in reality, mybox simply holds, in essence, the memory
address of the actual Box object.
The key to Java’s safety is that you cannot manipulate references as you can actual pointers. Thus, you cannot cause an object reference to
point to an arbitrary memory location or manipulate it like an integer(you cannot do pointer arithmetic on reference variables).

NOTE : Student student1 = new Student();
LHS of this statement happens during the compile time and RHS of this statement happens during run time (dynamically).

Box b1 = new Box();
Box b2 = b1;
b1 and b2 will both refer to the same object. The assignment of b1 to b2 did not allocate any memory or copy any part
of the original object. It simply makes b2 refer to the same object as does b1. Thus, any changes made to the object
through b2 will affect the object to which b1 is referring, since they are the same object.
When you assign one object reference variable to another object reference variable, you are not creating a copy of the
object, you are only making a copy of the reference.
